[doc] Improve the dev install doc (#3685)
taichi-dev/taichi: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing Guide

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Taichi! Please check out the [Contribution Guidelines](https://docs.taichi.graphics/lang/articles/contribution/contributor_guide) for how to make a contribution.

## Developer Installation

> Please follow the [Developer Installation](https://docs.taichi.graphics/lang/articles/contribution/dev_install) doc to learn how to build Taichi from scratch.

Author: ```suggestion
Please follow the [Developer Installation](https://docs.taichi.graphics/lang/articles/contribution/dev_install) to build Taichi from scratch.
```

> Taichi is developed mainly in C++17 and Python3. Please check out the [Developer Installation](https://docs.taichi.graphics/lang/articles/contribution/dev_install) to build Taichi from scratch. Note that Taichi is LLVM-10.0.0 dependent and that we recommend installing [our pre-built LLVM libraries](https://docs.taichi.graphics/lang/articles/contribution/dev_install#installing-dependencies) for your platform.

Author: ```suggestion
Taichi is developed mainly in C++17 and Python3. Please check out the [Developer Installation](https://docs.taichi.graphics/lang/articles/contribution/dev_install) to build Taichi from source. Note that Taichi is LLVM-10.0.0 dependent and that we recommend installing [our pre-built LLVM libraries](https://docs.taichi.graphics/lang/articles/contribution/dev_install#installing-dependencies) for your platform.
```

## Developer Installation

> Taichi is mainly developed in C++17 and Python3. Please check out the [Developer Installation](https://docs.taichi.graphics/lang/articles/contribution/dev_install) to build Taichi from scratch. Note that Taichi currently depends on LLVM-10.0.0, and we recommned to use [our prebuilt LLVM libraries](https://docs.taichi.graphics/lang/articles/contribution/dev_install#installing-dependencies) for each platform.

Reviewer: Taichi is developed mainly in C++17 and Python3. Please check out the [Developer Installation](https://docs.taichi.graphics/lang/articles/contribution/dev_install) to build Taichi from scratch. Note that Taichi is LLVM-10.0.0 dependent and that we recommend installing [our pre-built LLVM libraries](https://docs.taichi.graphics/lang/articles/contribution/dev_install#installing-dependencies) for your platform.

Reviewer: Shall we be more explicit by saying "build Taichi from source"? IMO, this is more commonplace?

Author: ```suggestion
Taichi is developed mainly in C++17 and Python3. Please check out the [Developer Installation](https://docs.taichi.graphics/lang/articles/contribution/dev_install) to build Taichi from scratch. Note that Taichi is LLVM-10.0.0 dependent and that we recommend installing [our pre-built LLVM libraries](https://docs.taichi.graphics/lang/articles/contribution/dev_install#installing-dependencies) for your platform. 
```
